## This Week's Goal: Contact and About pages

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Feed Starter.
- [x] Copy layout from Our story to About.
- [x] Finish CSS for Our Story page.
- [x] Make architect block for all tours.
- [x] Make architect block for each region.
- [x] Copy leader page layout for all tours.
- [x] Lift 3 times. 3/3
- [x] Go to the gym 3 times. 3/3
- [x] Do ab workout twice. 2/2

### Additional Things I Did:

- Put the one page portfolio site I made on github.
- Fixed footers on portfolio site.
- Fixed Menu CSS.
- Fixed aout page redirect.
- Fixed fonts

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- Nada

## Next Week's Goal: Responsive!

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Add email to contacts page
- [ ] Make header responsive.
- [ ] Make front page leader section responsive.
- [ ] Check responsiveness of other pages.
- [ ] Fix CSS for small menu.
- [ ] Lift 3 times.  0/3
- [ ] Go to the gym 3 times. 0/3
- [ ] Do ab workout twice. 0/2
- [ ] Do jiu-jitsu 3 times. 0/3

### Week in Review

- Another very good week for me! I can't believe I'm saying this, but the site is almost done. Now I'm working on making it responsive, then I need to add the final CSS details to make it sing. I also need to put a form on the contacts page, but that is on my boss now. A large part of what made this week nice is that I did some outside work on my own project. That is something I really need to remember to do. There is a reason all these famous coders have side projects. If they didn't they would go crazy!

### Our movie(s) from the list this week were: