## This Week's Goal: Responsive!

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Clean the disher
- [x] Add email to contacts page
- [x] Make header responsive.
- [x] Make front page leader section responsive.
- [x] Check responsiveness of other pages.
- [x] Fix CSS for small menu.
- [x] Lift 3 times.  3/3
- [x] Go to the gym 3 times. 3/3
- [x] Do ab workout twice. 2/2

### Additional Things I Did:

- Fixed lightbox on portfolio.
- Rewrote work and resume pages so it is easy to add pictures on portfolio site.
- Worked on portfolio CSS.
- Scrubbed kitchen floor.
- launched demo site for portfolio.
- brushed up on react

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Do jiu-jitsu 3 times. 0/3

## Next Week's Goal: Finish site

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Buy Ella a birthday present.
- [ ] Finish Lynda course on React.
- [ ] Figure out sticky footer.
- [ ] Fix header on all pages.
- [ ] CSS details
- [ ] Make treat yo self illustration.
- [ ] Lift 3 times.  0/3
- [ ] Go to the gym 3 times. 0/3
- [ ] Do ab workout twice. 0/2
- [ ] Do jiu-jitsu 1 time.

### Week in Review

- Another good week! Looks like I'll have a job for the forseeable future, but I'm not sure about the pay yet...yikes. But it is better than nothing, and going forward I'll be doing more of the work I actually want to do. We haven't been keeping up with jiu-jitsu which makes me sad, but I understand that Alaina doesn't like it as much as I do. She gets frustrated, which I also completely understand. 3 times a week was probably way to much, I'll scale it down next week and see how it goes.


### Our movie(s) from the list this week were: