## This Week's Goal: Finish Front Page

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Read custom Post Type Docs.
- [x] Find info on Architect tabs, read.
- [x] Figure out excatly what I need for all tours.
- [x] Decide what the tabs will be for the diffrent tour types.
- [x] Update test tours with all info needed.
- [x] Figure out if I can add a map (plugin?).
- [x] do BJJ (jiu jitsu) 3 times. 3/3
- [x] Watch stretching video.
- [x] Tidy the pantry. 
- [x] Do ab workout at least twice. 2/2
- [x] Take a walk.
- [x] Go to the gym 3 times. 3/3

### Additional Things I Did:

- Watched a lot of MMA

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- Nada

## Next Week's Goal: Tour Pages Mockup

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Remake mockup or Tour pages.
- [ ] Figure out if I need widgets for tour pages.
- [ ] Build basic tour pages.
- [ ] Clean microwave. 
- [ ] Do BJJ (jiu jitsu) 3 times. 0/3
- [ ] Do ab workout at least twice. 0/2
- [ ] Take a walk.
- [ ] Go to the gym 3 times. 0/3

### Week in Review

- I'm noticing a pattern, as I write these I remember every week as rough. Is this the case or am I just remembering the hard times? My guess is the latter. Generally, things are going well. However, I am having troubles with the website and I tend to spiral out of control when faced with adversary. Another thing to add to my ever-growing list of things to work on! Alaina helped me a lot this week, in so many ways I can't begin to list them all. An important thing she did was to make me realize that it is ok to throw out my plans and start over. This is always hard to do but is often the only way ahead. Onward to next week! 

### Our movie(s) from the list this week were: