# This Weeks Accomplishments: May 15, 2016

## This Week's Goal: Wordpress etc

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Learn flycatcher calls.
- [x] Look at photo tour websites for inspiration. 
- [x] Find Wordpress articles to read. 
- [x] Read Headway FAQ.
- [x] Finish Wordpess artilce on smashing.
- [x] Talk to Kevin.
- [x] Sweep porch.
- [x] Make coffee cake. 
- [x] Go to the gym.
- [x] Go birding.
- [x] Take a walk.
- [x] Movie from our list.
- [x] Play music.
- [x] Planks everyday.
- [x] CSS Secrets section everyday.

### Additional Things I Did:

- Lynda.com Wordpress esentials.
- Put most of my Belize trip into Scythbill.
- Made mockups for Wildside site.

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- Add 'General' section to the photo website.  

## Next Week's Goal: Wordpress etc

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Make sure I have flycatcher calls 100%.
- [ ] Hang up Alaina's jewlery thing.
- [ ] Scour the Headway theme builder website for info.
- [ ] Learn all I can about Headway.
- [ ] Finish lynda.com's wordpress essentials.
- [ ] Look on lynda for more wordpress stuff.
- [ ] Refine/fix Mockups.
- [ ] Have a fun visit with my dad.
- [ ] Go to the gym twice.
- [ ] Go birding.
- [ ] Take a walk.
- [ ] Movie from our list.
- [ ] Play music.
- [ ] CSS Secrets section everyday.

### Week in Review

- Pretty frustrating week. The ititial exciment/tears of getting a job was soon overshadowed by the knowledge that I didn't know how to use the tools my employer demended me to use. I didn't give up! I really wanted to, but I'm going to stick with and a learn this stuff. I can do it...I can do it. Until Next week!

### Our movie(s) from the list this week were:

- Mad Max. Mad Max 2 is on this list so I'm counting this!

