# This Weeks Accomplishments: May 29, 2016

## This Week's Goal: Set up site and finish the frontpage

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Look for new recipes.
- [x] Figure out how to edit the custom post type.
- [x] Set up pages for site.
- [x] Go to the gym twice. 2/2
- [x] Go birding.
- [x] Take a walk.
- [x] Movie from our list.
- [x] Play piano/melodica.
- [x] CSS Secrets section everyday.

### Additional Things I Did:

- Talked to Kevin
- Worked on the mockups

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Build the static frontpage.

## Next Week's Goal: Front Page

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Make custom menu for social links.
- [ ] Make the Header.
- [ ] Fix the logo.
- [ ] Look up creating the custom search (should be a custom menu?).
- [ ] Make posts for 2 of the leaders as a fill in.
- [ ] Fix custom post type: Tours.
- [ ] Paint a bird or two.
- [ ] Hang up a picture. 
- [ ] Go to the gym twice. 0/2
- [ ] Go birding.
- [ ] Take a walk.
- [ ] Movie from our list.
- [ ] Play piano/melodica.
- [ ] CSS Secrets section everyday.

### Week in Review

- I freaked out again. Kevin called and we had a pleasant chat, but after I lost my mind. Luckly, I was able to rally and finish most of things I wanted to get done. The static front page wasn't built, too much losing my mind to make it happen. However, I did get everything else done. I'm trying to think positively. One of my monthly goals was to launch a new photography/art site but sometimes plans have to be put aside. Getting this job has taken priority over everything, now I just have to start acting like it and get shit done. Most of my problems recently have been born of insincerity. I need to remember that I'm smart and that I can do this. That is my new mantra. Lets do this.

### Our movie(s) from the list this week were:

- City of God
