# This Weeks Accomplishments: April 17, 2016

## This Week's Goal: Javascript

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Hang a picture.
- [x] Refine resume.
- [x] Interview with recruiter. 
- [x] Section from Css Secrets every day. (reread)
- [x] 2 articles from the MDN Javascript guide.
- [x] 2 Chapters from YDKJS. 2/2
- [x] Look for jQuery plugins to contribute to.
- [x] Play music.
- [x] Gym.
- [x] Pushups everyday.
- [x] Walk.
- [x] Movie from our list.
- [x] Make bread.
- [x] Go birding.
- [x] Tweet everyday.

### Additional Things I Did:

- Went birding a lot!
- Watched some good chess.

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- Make the manifest.json file for the chrome app.

## Next Week's Goal: Get out more! 

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Go through - make - the examples on http://www.flexboxpatterns.com/
- [ ] Do some drawings of gulls.
- [ ] Add GitHub link to my site.
- [ ] Go to the gym twice. 0/2
- [ ] Go birding.
- [ ] Take a walk.
- [ ] Movie from our list.
- [ ] 1 Chapter from YDKJS.
- [ ] Hang up mirror.
- [ ] Put my Css Secrets examples of GitHub.
- [ ] Section from CSS Secrets everyday.
- [ ] Play music.
- [ ] Planks everyday.

### Week in Review

- Pretty great week, I did a lot of birding. Coding wise I didn't do a bunch, but that is ok. I need to find or think of some projects to work on in the future. My wrists are hurting, so I'm going to take a week off of push ups The only thing I didn't complete was the manifest.json file for the chrome extension...I just didn't have it in me. Until next week!

### Our movie(s) from the list this week were:

- The Maltese Falcon