# This Weeks Accomplishments: April 10, 2016

## This Week's Goal: Javascript

## Things I Did From the List:

- 10 push ups a day. (Trying to have good form)
- Tweet once a day.
- Hang up a picture.
- Reread YDKJS section on modules.
- Read a chapter of YDKJS.
- Reread MDN section on [Details of the object model](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Details_of_the_Object_Model).
- Make the timer have a start/stop button.
- Do the CSS for the timer.
- At least one video from CSS-Tricks 'Learn jQuery from Scratch' a day. //finished on Wed.
- Read 3 articles from Pocket.
- Continue making the bed (build that habit).
- Play music.
- Gym.
- Walk.
- Movie from our list.

### Additional Things I Did:

- Transferred my lifelist to a program. Maybe next week do my Belize & Guatemala lists.

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- Birding on Saturday. It looks like terrible weather is going to make this not feasible.
    - Update...terrible weather made it unfeasible.

## Next Week's Goal: Javascript

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Make the manifest.json file for the chrome app.
- [ ] Refine resume.
- [ ] Interview with recruiter. 
- [ ] Section from Css Secrets every day. (reread)
- [ ] 2 articles from the MDN Javascript guide.
- [ ] 2 Chapters from YDKJS.
- [ ] Find jQuery plugins to contribute to.
- [ ] Play music.
- [ ] Gym.
- [ ] Pushups everyday.
- [ ] Walk.
- [ ] Movie from our list.
- [ ] Make bread
- [ ] Go birding.

### Week in Review

- This week was pretty great. I didn't have any big projects on my list so I got everything done pretty quickly, which gave me some free time to do some fun things. As you can see my list for next week isn't that strenuous either, we have a guest for the first several days of the week and I didn't want to set myself up for failure. Here is to another great week!

### Our movie(s) from the list this week were: 

- Harvey