# This Weeks Accomplishments: April 3, 2016

## This Week's Goal: Javascript

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Hang up the mirror. (See below)
- [x] Read 2 chapters of YDKJS Scope & Closures.
- [x] 3 pages from the MDN Javascript guide.
- [x] At least one video from CSS-Tricks 'Learn jQuery from Scratch' a day.
- [x] Make a small timer app with js.
- [x] Movie from our list.
- [x] Watch a lot of baseball!
- [x] Read 3 articles from Pocket.
- [x] Continue making the bed (build that habit).
- [x] Work on the chrome extension.
- [x] Play music.
- [x] Gym.
- [x] Walk.

### Additional Things I Did:

- Went on a birding trip to Pueblo, it was great!
- Also went birding to Loveland Pass.

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- I didn't actually hang up the mirror, because we couldn't find the holders. So I hung up something else and counted it.
- 20 push ups a day. I got a bit tipsy and forgot to do a set. 

## Next Week's Goal: Javascript

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] 10 push ups a day. (Trying to have good form)
- [ ] Go birding on Saturday.
- [ ] Tweet once a day.
- [ ] Hang up a picture.
- [ ] Reread YDKJS section on modules.
- [ ] Read a chapter of YDKJS.
- [ ] Reread MDN section on [Details of the object model](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Details_of_the_Object_Model).
- [ ] Make the timer have a start/stop button.
- [ ] Doo the CSS for the timer.
- [ ] At least one video from CSS-Tricks 'Learn jQuery from Scratch' a day.
- [ ] Read 3 articles from Pocket.
- [ ] Continue making the bed (build that habit).
- [ ] Play music.
- [ ] Gym.
- [ ] Walk.

### Week in Review

- Having unexpected company threw me off of my goal game this week, but I had a great time and it really reminded me how much I miss going birding. I did one birding trip down south to the Pueblo are and got 3 lifers (also Scaled Quail which I hadn't seen in years). Then on Saturday Alaina and I went to Loveland Pass and found White-tailed Ptarmigan, it was cold but awesome! The rest of the week was a bit of a mixed bag emotionally, but I made it through. Baseball helped greatly! See you next week. 

### Our movie(s) from the list this week were: 

- The Gold Rush