# This Weeks Accomplishments: March 27, 2016

## This Week's Goal: Vue.js one page portfolio

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Make a one page portfolio with vuejs.
- [x] Read vue router docs.
- [x] At least one video from CSS-Tricks 'Learn jQuery from Scratch' a day.
- [x] 10 push ups a day (build that habit!).
- [x] Watch a movie from our list.
- [x] Get back in the habit of making the bed everyday.
- [x] Organize the pantry.
- [x] Hang up coat rack.
- [x] Read a chapter of YDKJS Scope & Closures.

### Additional Things I Did:

- Exra trip to the gym, did 40 min on the bike.

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- Nada

## Next Week's Goal: Javascript

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Hang up the mirror.
- [ ] Read 2 chapters of YDKJS Scope & Closures.
- [ ] 20 push ups a day (next week to 60 sec. set).
- [ ] Page from the MDN Javascript guide a day.
- [ ] At least one video from CSS-Tricks 'Learn jQuery from Scratch' a day.
- [ ] Make a small timer app with js.
- [ ] Movie from our list.
- [ ] Watch a lot of baseball!
- [ ] Read 3 (old) articles from Pocket.
- [ ] Continue making the bad (build that habit).
- [ ] Work on the chrome extension. 

### Week in Review

- This was a bit of a weird week. On Wednesday I spent all day figuring out a problem with the vue-portfolio that I was making, only to discover on Thursday that I didn't need to do any of it. That was what the entire week felt like - happiness, setbacks, happiness, setbacks. A lifetime lived out in the span of days. But, that being said, I still managed to get everything done. I'm not exceedingly happy with the portfolio site, but I'll revisit it in the future to pretty it up. Baseball season starts today!

### Our movie this week was:

- The Seventh Seal