# This Weeks Accomplishments: March 06, 2016

## This Week's Goal: Webpack!

## Things I Did From the List:

- Everything!

### Additional Things I Did:

- Rewrote most of the css for my personal site. I had a lot of unnecessary repetition and bad flexbox stuff. Also fixed the ridiculous media queries I had.
- Wrote an animated svg of the colorado flag, for future use on my website. It is awesome.
- Worked on my Linkedin and twitter pages, making them look nicer.
- Did a pull-request to CSSGram, I got the build to work on my computer finally. Though I'm not sure it will work for everyone else...so there is that.
- Found a fun repo with old school cursor animations, played with it a bit. Might try to make my own.

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

## Next Week's Goal: JavaScript!

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Learn how to fold a fitted sheet without putting it on the floor. [Like this!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Z5k9nWcuFc)
- [ ] Read at least 3 chapters of the MDN Javascript guide
- [ ] Read a chapter of You don't know JS: sp & going a day
- [ ] Work on linkenin summary
- [ ] Make bread
- [ ] Another CSSgram filter
- [ ] Read 2 articles from Pocket
- [ ] Download podcasts for the gym

### Week in Review

- This was my first week doing goals and I think it went very well. I stayed busy all week, (with some breaks to play dota, chess, and diablo) which I have been having trouble doing lately. Did I learn Webpack? I'm not sure, but I do feel more confident with it. I'll count that as a win. I pushed changes to a big project (cssgram) for the first time, it was scary but felt great when it was approved. One of my goals was to go to the gym once and I managed to go twice! I do need to start doing longer rides however, so it's time to download some podcasts.  

- There is a match of the game Go going on this week/next week that I've found very interesting. Being a chess player I find go very intriguing but I don't understand it at all, so I've been reading up on the game. The 2016 chess candidates tournament has also started which is very exciting. I've been waking up at 5 am to catch the games. 

See you next week.
