## This Week's Goal: Finish Front Page

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Finish the front page.
- [x] Sub titles for Architect blocks?
- [x] Look up setting up animations for architect.
- [x] Do ab workout at least twice. 2/2
- [x] Take a walk.
- [x] Don't turn on TV until noon (weekdays).
- [x] Go to the gym 3 times. 3/3
- [x] Get my ass in gear.
- [x] Make bread.

### Additional Things I Did:

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Go birding.

## Next Week's Goal: Work on Tour Pages

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Read custom Post Type Docs.
- [ ] Find info on Architect tabs, read.
- [ ] Figure out excatly what I need for all tours.
- [ ] Decide what the tabs will be for the diffrent tour types
- [ ] Update test tours with all info needed.
- [ ] Figure out if I can add a map (plugin?).
- [ ] do BJJ (jiu jitsu) 3 times. 0/3
- [ ] Watch stretching video.
- [ ] Tidy the pantry. 
- [ ] Do ab workout at least twice. 0/2
- [ ] Take a walk.
- [ ] Go to the gym times. 0/3

### Week in Review

- Well, as a month it wasn't great. It also wasn't terrible. I had a lot of problems with motivation and frustration with the website. This was supposed to be a fast project but it has turned into a soul sucking slog. This past week did help though. I finished the bare bones css on the front page and it looks passable. After working on the tour pages I will come back and really make it sing, It needs nice hover animations etc etc. I also need to make the front page responsive, but that will come eventually. Honestly, I have no idea how to do these tour pages and I'm nervous about it. But last week gave me a bit of vigor, so for now I have faith that I'll figure it out. Onward to a new month. Let's kick its ass. 

### Our movie(s) from the list this week were:

- Nothing this week, we did watch a bunch of other movies though!