## This Week's Goal: Finish Front Page

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Figure out how to get custom meta to show as content.
- [x] Do ab workout at least twice. 2/2
- [x] Go birding.
- [x] Take a walk.
- [x] Don't turn on TV until noon (weekdays).

### Additional Things I Did:

- Steam summer sale baby.
- I was social. 

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- Pushups. My wrists starting hurting, so I didn't do them everyday.
- Finish css for front page.
- Read  up on how to set up content for architect tabs.
- Go to the gym twice. 1/2

## Next Week's Goal: FINISH THE FRONT PAGE!!!!!!!

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Finish the front page.
- [ ] Sub titles for Architect blocks?
- [ ] Look up setting up animations for architect.
- [ ] Do ab workout at least twice. 0/2
- [ ] Go birding.
- [ ] Take a walk.
- [ ] Don't turn on TV until noon (weekdays).
- [ ] Go to the gym 3 times.
- [ ] Get my ass in gear.
- [ ] Make bread.

### Week in Review

- Frustrating week when I didn't get everything done again. I'm not sure what to do with myself, that's why for next week I have 'get my ass in gear' as a goal for next week. Even though I did get paid for the first time this week my motivation is at an all time low. If I'm honest I'm really just not enjoying working on this website. I worked so hard for so long to teach myself how to be a developer and all that knowledge is going to waste. However, I know that it is something I need to get over. This is a great opportunity for me and I can't waste it. There are people who have stuck their necks out for me and the worst thing I could do is let them down. Time to get my ass in gear!

### Our movie(s) from the list this week were:

- Who Framed Roger Rabbit