# This Weeks Accomplishments: June 12, 2016

## This Week's Goal: Finish Front Page

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Put away art box.
- [x] Make custom menus.
- [x] Make section with tour types.
- [x] Make sure footer is on other pages.
- [x] Finish adding tour leader pages.
- [x] Work on css for front page. 
- [x] Organize personal-goals accomplishments into folders.
- [x] Go to the gym twice. 2/2
- [x] Go birding.
- [x] Take a walk.
- [x] Finish CSS Secrets.
- [x] Don't turn on TV until noon (weekdays).

### Additional Things I Did:

- Big Night!

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Movie from our list.

## Next Week's Goal: Finish Front Page

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Finish css for front page.
- [ ] Figure out how to get custom meta to show as content.
- [ ] Read  up on how to set up content for architect tabs.
- [ ] Go to the gym twice. 0/2
- [ ] Go birding.
- [ ] Take a walk.
- [ ] Don't turn on TV until noon (weekdays).

### Week in Review

- Crazy. You'll notice that I'm doing my goals on Monday instead of Sunday. This is because on Saturday night Alaina and I - plus 10 others - participated in a 'big night'. This means we tried to see/hear as many birds as we could in one night. It was exhausting but fun. Our group smashed the old record by over 20 species and I got 5 lifers. In work news, it was again a frustrating week. Those seem to be more and more common these days. I had a problem with one of the plugins and couldn't get the css on the pages to save. It was maddening to say the least. Finally on Saturday morning I got it sorted out, but it was too late to finnish up the front page. Next week finishing that damned page is almost my only goal. Let's do it! 

### Our movie(s) from the list this week were:

- This week instead of a movie from our list, in preparation for our big night we stayed up late and watched a Jurassic Park marathon.  