# This Weeks Accomplishments: June 5, 2016

## This Week's Goal: Front Page

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Learn some warbler calls.
- [x] Make custom menu for social links.
- [x] Make the Header.
- [x] Fix the logo.
- [x] Look up creating the custom search (should be a custom menu?).
- [x] Make posts for 2 of the leaders as a fill in.
- [x] Fix custom post type: Tours.
- [x] Paint a bird or two.
- [x] Hang up a picture. 
- [x] Go to the gym twice. 2/2
- [x] Go birding.
- [x] Take a walk.
- [x] Movie from our list.
- [x] Play piano/melodica.
- [x] CSS Secrets section everyday.

### Additional Things I Did:

- [ ] Don't turn on TV until noon. (unless there is baseball!)

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- I missed a 10/10 It happens sometimes!

## Next Week's Goal: Finish Front Page

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Make custom menus.
- [ ] Make section with tour types.
- [ ] Make sure footer is on other pages.
- [ ] Finish adding tour leader pages.
- [ ] Work on css for front page. 
- [ ] Organize personal-goals accomplishments into folders.
- [ ] Go to the gym twice. 2/2
- [ ] Go birding.
- [ ] Take a walk.
- [ ] Movie from our list.
- [ ] Finish CSS Secrets.
- [ ] Don't turn on TV until noon.

### Week in Review

- Good week! I had a bit of a freak out mid weed, but I bounced back and got a lot done. On Thursday I decided to take a day off which helped my state of mind greatly. This is something that I'm going to have to do in the future. See you next week! 

### Our movie(s) from the list this week were:

- Beauty and the Beast (1946)